Revamp Getting Started Section in Flytesnacks (#944)
flyteorg/flytesnacks: cookbook/docs/getting_started/data_engineering.md

) -> CSVFile:
    """Build an extract, transform and load pipeline."""
    return load(
        df=transform(
            df=extract_task(min_length=min_length, max_length=max_length, limit=limit)
        )
    )
```

During local execution, this CSV file lives in a random local
directory, but when the workflow is run on a Flyte cluster, this file lives in
the configured blob store, like S3 or GCS.

Running this workflow locally, we can access the CSV file and read it into
a `pandas.DataFrame`.

```{code-cell} ipython3
csv_file = etl_workflow(limit=5)
pd.read_csv(csv_file)
```

## Workflows as Reusable Components

Because Flyte tasks and workflows are simply functions, we can embed
`etl_workflow` in a larger workflow that uses is a component in a downstream
data processing task.

The `etl_workflow` file output can then be consumed by downstream tasks or
subworkflows:

```{code-cell} ipython3
@task
def aggregate(file: CSVFile) -> pd.DataFrame:
    data = pd.read_csv(file)
    ... # process the data further 

@task
def plot(data: pd.DataFrame):
    ...  # create a plot

@workflow
def downstream_workflow(
    min_length: int = 50, max_length: int = 200, limit: int = 10
):

>     """A downstream workflow that visualizes an aggregated for of the data."""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    """A downstream workflow that visualizes an aggregation of the data."""
```
